ch-11: PSM Must be domain joined.
PSM:(Isolation,control,monitoring): Why PSM is required?

    manual Account onboarding(without psm)
        -java is required.-on lower version(classic UI)
        -this will be browser base connection, but this is not secure.
        -if user is making connection from his system to the target server, port needs to be open from host to remote, so if we have 500 user'secure
         then port need to open on every machine.
        -PTH signature left on the browser, which is prone to hacking(not secure)
        -there is no monitoring
ch-12:
PSM:
    Isolation: isolate workstation / desktop from the target machine, thus preventing cyberark attack.
    Control: ensure accountablity and control over privilege session with live monitoring,policies,workflow.
    Monitoring: Recording of each seesion with compliance in mind with zero footprint on the target system.

Prerequisites:
    Microsoft server
    capacity-will be cover in another chapter
    domain joined
    remote desktop services-login as domain administrator
        ->server manager->add roles and feature->remote desktop service Installation->standard deployment->session based desktop deployment->
        -remote desktop connection broker,remote desktop web access, remote desktop seesion host
    session collection must be defined- remoteapp feature
        ->server manager->remote desktop services-create session collection->

    for windows server remote desktop services,procure required client access license.(CAL)

Installation:

Post Installation Environment:
    users:
        PSMConnect:A windows user that is created in order to start PSM session on the PSM machine.
        PSMAdminConnect:A windows user that is created in order to monitor live privilege session.
        PSMShadowUsers: An internal group that contains local PSM users. The PSM creates a local
                        PSM user called "PSM-<user-id>, the user-id will be some unique, random numbers" for each Vault user who connects to the PSM
                        and automatically adds these local users as members to this internal group.
    Safes:
        PSM: This contains the password of the unique PSM user.
        PSMLiveSessions:This will enable users to view the PSM live monitoring feature in an environment with multiple PVWAs.
        PSMNotification: to send email notification.
        PSMUnmanagedsessionaccounts: this will enable users to view the PSM secure connect page and connet to any machine through PSM using any connect,
                                     including those that are managed in the vault.
        PSM Universal Connectors : All connectors added to this safe will be deployed to all the PSM servers automatically (with optional exception*).

    
    Users created in vault:
        PSMGW_<MachineName>:This is the Gateway user through which the PSM users will access the Vault. The credentials file for this user is PSMGW_<MachineName>.ini.
                            This user is added automatically to the following group: PVWAGWAccounts,Being a member of this group with enable this user to access all 
                            password Safes.
        PSMApp_<MachineName>:This user is used by the PSM for internal processing. The credentials file for this user is PSMApp_<MachineName>.ini. 
                             This user is added automatically to the PSMAppUsers group.
    Groups:
        PSMAppUsers:This group is used to retrieve configuration from the Vault, create Recording Safes and upload recordings, and perform other PSM activities, 
                    as well as defining the authorizations that are required by the PSM internal users. The PSMApp_<Machinename> user is added automatically to 
                    this group. It has the Audit Users and AddSafes authorizations in the Vault, and is automatically added to the Recordings Safe with all 
                    authorizations.
        PSMMaster:This group manages the Safes where recordings are stored. It is added to the Recordings Safes with all authorizations. PIM Administrators can be
                  added to this group so that they can manage Recording Safes or, alternatively, users or groups can be added separately with relevant permissions.
        PSMLiveSessionTerminators:Members of this group can terminate live privileged sessions, based on their individual Safe ownership.

    Installation Location - C:\Program Files (x86)\CyberArk\PSM
        Logs : C:\Program Files (x86)\CyberArk\PSM\Logs
               PSMConsole.log			#Main Log File
               PSMTrace.log
        Live Recordings : C:\Program Files (x86)\CyberArk\PSM\Recordings
    
    Service: "Cyber-Ark Privileged Session Manager"


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PSMP: 
    Privileged Session Manager SSH Proxy (PSMP):
        The Privileged Session Manager SSH Proxy (PSMP) enables organizations to secure, control and monitor privileged access to network/*NIX devices (only SSH protocol).
        The PSMP is installed on a dedicated machine that has access to the Vault and to the target systems.


-----------------------------------------------AIM(Application Identity Manager)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hard Coded credentials:
    Clear text credentials in code:     its very command for developes to put credential in code as clear text,what is easy for developes , is easy for attacker too.
    Configuration files and databases:  Hard-coded credentials are also commonly found in config files, application databases, windows registry etc.
    Service Accounts:                   Services running in the background in a given day/week? Those service accounts can provide access to highly sensitive data,
                                        yet they are often protected by hard-coded credentials.
    Application servers:                Organizations deploy applications on application servers(WebLogic, JBoss, WebSphere, Tomcat).
                                        Credentials are required by these applications, to access systems such as databases, and are often hard-coded into the application server configuration.
                                        And lastly, many organizations have third party applications such as risk and compliance management, availability and recovery management, and IT automation and management
                                        where there are hard-coded credentials. Such systems must use Privileged credentials to carry out their inherent purpose.
                                        For example, a vulnerability management system must have the ability to scan all machines on the network and assess their vulnerabilities.
                                        To do that, it needs a privileged credentials, which is often hard-coded into the application code.
AIM Solutions:
    cp
    CCP 
    ASCP(application server credential provider)

CCP:    The Central Credential Provider consists of the Credential Provider for Windows that is installed on an IIS server and the Central Credential Provider web service, 
        used by calling scripts/applications to retrieve credentials during run-time. 
        Passwords that are stored in the CyberArk Digital Vault can be retrieved to the Central Credential Provider, where they can be accessed by authorized remote applications using web service calls. If 
        these passwords are managed automatically by the CPM, the Vault makes sure that the passwords in the Central Credential Provider are constantly synchronized with the corresponding passwords in the Vault.
        Applications that require credentials to access a remote device or to run another application remotely can request the relevant credentials from the Central Credential Provider using the Central 
        Credential Provider web service. 




